Testing relations and subrelations in SUMO.

Commentary from Valeria in

https://github.com/ontologyportal/sumo/issues/7#issuecomment-226814140

Alexandre, I don't think one should close any issues hastily.

The fix above in 7b7ce3a is a bit of hack, it stops the contradiction,
but then it destroys the modelling of "penetrates" too, hence a
proverbial case of the baby with the bathwater, if "penetrates" is a
useful relation. (I don't know if it is or not)

I don't think I understand the general problem here, yet.  and would
welcome a clearer, higher level discussion.  what's clear to me, from
Fabricio's examples so far, is that we have two classes of problems.

1. problems where clear mathematical relations are being understood by
modellers differently.  (meetsSpatially does look a symmetric relation
in abstract, while "penetrates" does not look symmetric) (mother does
not look symmetric, while "relative" does).  Here what's required is
to decide which intuition is most useful and then change as little as
possible.

2. problems like the holdsDuring one that invoke a serious modelling
problem in that case if time is to be considered instants or
intervals.  I think separating the problems into these two buckets and
making sure that we can ran a collection of tests on the mathematical
relations would be a better bet.

/// Also from Valeria: ///

Well, I think you understood completely right Alexandre
my aim was:
>whatever one can derive from RCC8 one can derive with SUMO.

and I thought I had sent the following message yesterday, but I found it still as a draft in gmail:
--------------------
hi Adam,

our main concern is trying to obtain consistency of Merge. The
contradictions found so far by Fabricio have mostly to do with
relations that cannot be both asymmetric and symmetric, partial and
total. we need to see what are the other cases of mutually exclusive
relations. but I was thinking that once we do that, we would like to
know that we're complete, hence the thought of RCC-8.

----- 

Now the reason it was still a draft was that I've decided to have a
look at relations in SUMO and there are a few things that I don't
understand there.

I don't understand the notion of InheritableRelation. I don't think
this makes an awful lot of sense. Every mathematical relation can be
restricted to subsets of its domain? Why did someone created this
concept, do you remember Adam? I also do not understand the notion of
IntentionalRelation.

but maybe we can leave these to later on, after we have dealt with the
completely extensional contradictions that might still be lurking.
